Product Licence Agreement
Version 3.7
This is a legal agreement (“Agreement”) between you (either an individual or an entity), and TeamDev Ltd. (“TeamDev”).
IMPORTANT [PLEASE READ CAREFULLY]: BY INSTALLING, USING OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE OR ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION (“SOFTWARE”) YOU 
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU ARE NOT 
AUTHORIZED TO INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions
a) “Software” means the software product supplied by TeamDev in binary form and corresponding documentation, associated media, 
printed materials, and online or electronic documentation.

b) “Runtime” means the files that are included into the Software and are required for distribution of the programs that you 
create using the Software. Runtime files are identified in the accompanying or on-line documentation (“Documentation”). You 
should refer to the Documentation, including any “readme” or “runtime” files provided with the Software, for additional 
information regarding redistributable files.

c) “Evaluation Licence Key” means a file that allows using the Software for evaluation purposes for a limited period of time 
which shall commence on the day of Evaluation Licence acquisition, and terminate pursuant to the provisions defined by the 
section 3 “Evaluation Licence Grant” of this Agreement.

d) “Development Licence Key” means a file that allows you to integrate the Software into programs that you create. 

e) “Runtime Licence Key” means a file that is required for distribution of your works that enclose the Software.

f) “Effective Date of the Agreement” means the date when you receive Evaluation Licence Key or Development Licence Key, whatever 
comes first.

g) “Minor Version(s)” means version of the Software, identified by a change in the second and/or any of the following levels of the 
versioning number sequence, ex.: 1.0.5, 1.2.1, 1.2.2, etc.


2. Ownership and Licence
The Software is owned by TeamDev, copyrighted and protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. The Software 
is licensed, not sold. By installing or using the Software you will not acquire any rights to the Software except as expressly 
set forth in this Agreement. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by TeamDev.

3. Evaluation Licence Grant
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TeamDev hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to 
use one copy of the specified version of the Software and the Documentation for the sole purpose of evaluation during the period 
of 30 (thirty) calendar days, and create a copy of the Software for backup purposes.

4. Development and Runtime Licence Grant
Subject to the payment of the applicable licence fees and to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TeamDev hereby grants 
to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to (i) use the version of the Software and Documentation recorded in the 
Development and Runtime Licence Keys, including the Minor Version updates (ii) to reproduce and distribute the Runtime 
files in executable form and with Runtime Licence Key as part of the programs that you create using the Software without 
additional distribution fees (“Development Licence”).

The Development Licence may be used by the developers, employees or contractors under your control. The number of software 
developers, employees or contractors using the Software in each case should be equal to the number of Development Licences 
acquired from TeamDev. Your name or the entity’s name and the number of Development Licences acquired are recorded in 
the Development and Runtime Licence Keys.

5. Licence Restrictions
5.1. General Licence Restrictions. You may NOT: a) modify, adapt, alter, translate, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble 
the Software; b) remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Software; c) make more copies of the Software than the number of 
the acquired licences (excluding a copy for backup purposes); d) rent, lease, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software.

5.2. Evaluation Licence Restrictions. In addition to the general restrictions denoted in the section 5.1., as the holder of the 
Evaluation Licence you may NOT: a) use the Software for commercial purposes; b) use the Software after expiration of the 
evaluation period.

5.3. Development and Runtime Licence Restrictions. In addition to the general restrictions denoted in the section 5.1., as the 
holder of the Development and Runtime Licence you may NOT: a) duplicate and provide the Development Licence Keys to a number of 
software developers, employees or contractors greater than the number of Development Licences granted per section 4 of this 
Agreement; b) use Development Licence Key for redistributing Runtime files as part of your applications; c) use Runtime Licence 
Key for development purposes.

5.4 In case of purchase of a “Per Project” licence bundle, you may not use the licence for more than one project. At time of licence 
issue it is bound to one project, and you may not use the licence for projects, to which the licence was not initially bound.

6. Marketing
You agree to be identified as a customer of TeamDev and you agree that TeamDev may refer to you by name, trade name and 
trademark, if applicable, and may briefly describe your business in TeamDev's marketing materials and web sites. You hereby grant 
TeamDev a licence to use your name and any of your trade names and trademarks solely in connection with the rights granted to 
TeamDev pursuant to this marketing section.

You and TeamDev may use the information about the business relationship pursuant to this Agreement for independent or joint 
marketing efforts. Examples of allowable marketing uses include creation and use of case studies, press releases, printed and 
online marketing materials, presentations, and business references.

7. Support Services
7.1. TeamDev Standard Technical Support includes:
— consulting on issues specific to your environment;
— ability to use designated support email address; 
— 1 business day response time.

7.2. TeamDev agrees to provide you with a free Standard Technical Support during the valid Evaluation period, as defined by 
the section 3 “Evaluation Licence Grant.” 

7.3. TeamDev Standard Technical Support is subscription-based. TeamDev agrees to provide One Single Developer Support Pack, 
including 55 hours of Standard Technical Support, with one Development Licence. This Single Developer Support Pack is valid for 
one year or until 55 hours of support are consumed. Upon expiration or consumption of the Single Developer Support Pack, 
you may choose to purchase additional subscription for the Standard Technical Support.

7.4. In the course of Standard Technical Support services TeamDev may provide you with supplemental software code or related 
materials, that are made available in form of Software updates (including hotfixes). Such supplemental software code or related 
materials are to be considered part of the Software and are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

7.5. With respect to any technical information that you provide to TeamDev in order to enable TeamDev complete your requests 
for Standard Technical Support, TeamDev may use such information for its business purposes without restriction, including 
for product support and development. TeamDev will not use such technical information in a form that personally identifies you.

8. Patent and Copyright Indemnity
8.1. TeamDev will defend and indemnify you for all costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from a claim that Software 
furnished and used within the scope of this Agreement infringes a U.S. or Canadian copyright or patent provided that: (i) you 
will notify TeamDev in writing within 30 (thirty) calendar days of the claim; (ii) TeamDev has sole control of the defence 
and all related settlement negotiations, and (iii) you will provide TeamDev with the assistance, information, and authority 
necessary to perform the above.

8.2. TeamDev will have no liability for any claim of infringement based on: (i) code contained within the Software which was not 
created by TeamDev; (ii) use of a superseded or altered release of the Software, except for such alteration(s) or modification(s) 
which have been made by TeamDev or under TeamDev’s direction, if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of a current, 
unaltered release of the Software that TeamDev provides to you, or (iii) the combination, operation, or use of Software furnished 
under this Agreement with programs or data not furnished by TeamDev, if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of 
the Software without such programs or data.

8.3. In the event the Software is held or believed by TeamDev to infringe any third-party rights, or your use of the Software is 
enjoined, TeamDev will have the option, at its expense, to: (i) modify the Software to cause it to become non-infringing; (ii) 
obtain for you a licence to continue using the Software; (iii) substitute the Software with other Software reasonably suitable to 
you, or (iv) if none of the foregoing remedies are commercially feasible, terminate the licence for the infringing Software and 
refund any licence fees paid for the Software, prorated over a one and a half-year term from the Effective Date of the Agreement.

9. Disclaimer of Warranty
THE SOFTWARE AND ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED ON A STRICTLY “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR 
NONINFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU.

10. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL TEAMDEV OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS 
OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF 
OR INABILITY TO USE THIS TEAMDEV SOFTWARE, EVEN IF TEAMDEV HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11. Trademarks
This Agreement does not grant any rights to use the trademarks or trade names: “TeamDev”, “JxBrowser”, “JExplorer”, “JNIWrapper”, 
“ComfyJ”, “JExcel”, “JxFileWatcher”, “JxCapture”, “DotNetBrowser” or any other trademarks, service marks, logos or trade names 
belonging to TeamDev except as defined in the Section 6 “Marketing”. You agree not to use any marks belonging to TeamDev in or 
as part of the name of products based on the Software.

12. Termination
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the Software. This Agreement will terminate immediately 
without notice from TeamDev if it is discovered that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Upon such termination, 
you must destroy all copies of the Software. Section 9 “Disclaimer of Warranty” and section 10 “Limitation of Liability” shall 
remain effective after the termination of this Agreement.